wait
what
you've got a problem with your seo
[Music]
who needs seo help
is it a bird is it a plane no it's a
summer
[Music]
somebody's business is in trouble
let's go and attack the evil algorithm
the evil algorithm is preventing
businesses from reaching their full
potential online i'm here to help you to
get to the top of google
to reach new customers
more sales leads and more revenue for
your business
let's break it down into three simple
steps
step one keyword research you or your
seo company need to make a full list of
all the products services or locations
that you want to get to the top of
google to get those all-important
enquiries and sales coming in you can
use tools like semrush ahrefs google
keyword planner or ubersuggest to help
you with the research you can do
competitor analysis you can understand
how much traffic each search term gets
and you can understand how competitive
they are so get your keyword research
right
build a solid foundation for an seo win
[Music]
step two this is through your on-site or
your on-page seo so now once you've
nailed down your keywords you're happy
with the search terms you're gonna try
and rank on google you need to do
on-page seo your technical audit of your
website and a content audit of your
website so technical involves a detailed
process of reviewing things like
page speed how fast your website loads
your metadata so things like your meta
descriptions meta titles that show up in
the google search results looking at a
technical standpoint in terms of how
good your user experience is your menu
navigation and making sure you've got
relevant pages all the services products
and locations you serve and much more
and then from a content standpoint
making sure your content gives the best
possible answers to people's questions
making sure it's informative it's
relevant it's helpful so when people are
searching for your offerings on google
you're giving the most useful helpful
advice possible to encourage them to get
in touch with you
and the final step three is to measure
optimize and improve so everything on
your website and your seo activity
should be measured in terms of
installing google analytics making sure
you can attribute what traffic is coming
from organic and what leads sales and
revenue are coming from it keeping
abreast keeping up to date on latest
google algorithm updates
and being aware of what's going on for
example a few months ago an update was
google cool web vitals which took a big
emphasis on mobile first design
on page speed and user experience so
making sure you're well up to date of
what the latest trends are so your
website can be in best shape and you can
beat the evil album
[Music]
my friends at
webchoiceuk.com have helped many
businesses defeat the algorithm get to
the top of google enjoy more organic
traffic leads and sales revenue for the
long term give them a shout today
[Music]
you